oh nice
but this next trick like this is my
video bike check its basic to Colt
complete and I'm working on it all right
so I'm gonna start out with the Handy
bars pretty dope their stock ODI grips
often bar ends I want it Woodward ya
think I want them in a high jump you
know I got four feet my friend only got
two you know love that taker of animal
figurine I got the stock a fit top-load
sick
I want to animal no that's animal front
loads and if animal makes it top leg I
love that playing on good uh FSA intact
headset everyone has him pretty dope
stock forks stock rims stop Stockholm
giant tube you know popped it it would
work oh no that's in the back tire thank
ya and we'll put your pegs Odyssey tire
your friend I'll see the back um sun
room spinning your stock I used to have
a cult rasta stem that's why I've the
roster sprocket
and I traded at them odyssey twisted
petals I've been on a lot of grip I
don't like them my sprocket 228 tooth I
like tried to their sprocket because you
go faster go Smith not that great for
trails though uh I change things right
now look screwed around yesterday and
got a cult half leg pretty sick and
butcher bag broke it yeah animal
seatpost stock frame of course stock
cranks
stock back up a seat i really like it in
stock so imma keep it forever got my new
background it's pretty soon it's going
to be right here until left side dress i
got to switch everything wrong about new
cranky and we'll up a little animal yeah
hey sm hey boss sick how long i can't
wait to ride it gotta pump it up got
some new crane sooo blessed I Drive of
salt cranks up yeah old bike is